[release] v8.28.7 (#22531)
mui/mui-x: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## 8.28.7

_May 20, 2026_

We'd like to extend a big thank you to the 2 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

- 🐞 Bugfixes

> The following team members contributed to this release:

Reviewer: Maybe we should stop thos highligh introduction for the patch on v8 release

> The following team members contributed to this release:

Author: ```suggestion
We'd like to extend a big thank you to the 2 contributors who made this release possible:
```
